(Male announcer) Previously
on  Hell's Kitchen...
Chef Ramsay announced
a special event.
We are going to be hosting
a high-school reunion.
(All) Yes, chef.
(Announcer) In the tasting menu
challenge,
the Red Team failed to impress
the reunion committee.
The guacamole was just a
little bit too overpowering.
I'm not a big scallop person.
Too barbecue-y.
(Announcer) And the Blue Team...
I had the perfect bite.
Oh, my gosh.
I need another bite.
(Announcer) Dominated the competition.
Blue Team, congratulations.
- A shutout. Well done.
- Thank you, chef.
(Announcer) At the
high-school-reunion dinner...
Class of '91.
(Announcer) In the red kitchen...
Who's gonna lead the Red Team?
- I am, chef.
- Let's go, then.
Let's go, ladies!
(Announcer) Elise had her best service yet.
I do have a big mouth, but
I know how to use it.
(Gordon) They're nicely
cooked, though... beautiful.
- Good job, ladies.
- Whoo.
(Announcer) Elizabeth
mastered the fish station...
Beautifully cooked, this snapper.
Thank you, chef.
(Announcer) But in the blue kitchen...
I want a special comeback
service from you guys, yes?
(All) Yes, chef!
(Announcer) Paul disappointed on fish...
The fish is [Bleep] raw!
I don't expect that from you!
(Announcer) And Monterray and
Jonathon just made matters worse.
It's raw. I am so pissed off.
Get out!
(Announcer) The Red Team
fed all their diners,
and finished the Blue Team's
dinner service as well.
Beautiful.
Let's go.
(Announcer) - The Blue Team nominated...
- Monterray.
(Announcer) - And...
- Paul.
(Announcer) But chef
Ramsay wasn't satisfied.
I want to hear from one other person.
Jonathon.
(Announcer) Ultimately,
chef Ramsay chose...
Monterray. Give me your chef's jacket.
Your time is done in  Hell's Kitchen.
(Announcer) And so Monterray's
dream of becoming head chef
at BLT Steak in New York City
went up in flames.
Sync and corrected by dr.Jackson
for www.Addic7ed.Com
♪ fire ♪
♪ the way you walk and talk ♪
♪ it really sets me off ♪
♪ to a full alarm, child ♪
♪ yes, it does ♪
♪ the way you squeeze and tease ♪
♪ knocks me to my knees ♪
♪ 'cause I'm smokin ♪
♪ baby, baby ♪
♪ the way you swerve and curve ♪
♪ really wrecks my nerves ♪
♪ and I'm so excited, child ♪
Yes.
♪ When you're hot, you're hot ♪
♪ you really shoot your shot ♪
♪ you're dynamite, child ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ the way you push ♪
♪ push ♪
♪ lets me know that you're good ♪
♪ good, good ♪
♪ gonna get your wish ♪
♪ oh, no ♪
♪ fire ♪
♪ what I said, child, ow ♪
[Dramatic music]
(Announcer) And now,
the continuation
of hell's kitchen.
- You good?
- Yeah, I'm good.
I was a nervous wreck.
Chef Ramsay saw
some weak points in me
that he needed to bring to my attention,
and it's time to knuckle
up and buckle up, man.
I could feel my [Bleep]
heart beat in my throat.
This is my second chance, so
the next dinner service, man,
I'm not gonna disappoint him.
- I'm ready to win a service.
- Me too.
I'm tired of losing.
And we're not doing it anymore.
[Dramatic music]
(Will) Easy, girl.
[Laughter]
Wow.
How many glasses have you had?
We need some more.
[Laughter]
This is pretty normal for a chef.
Get off of a 16-hour shift.
[Oinking] [Laughter]
You're a mess.
And you have a drink or
two, and then you just...
Sit back and relax.
[Belches]
Natalie, don't be making faces at me.
(Carrie) Oh, Krupa.
(Krupa) Damn right.
(Natalie) This is so hysterical.
I wouldn't really figure Krupa
for, like, a big lightweight.
How are you gonna drink the liquor
- if you can't open the bottle?
- She's drunk.
I am not!
I love Krupa.
I think she's funny.
She had a couple drinks.
Good for her.
Let her loosen up a little bit.
It's good to see her
actually have some fun.
[Vaudeville music]
[Laughs]
Oh, my God.
I'm...
[Laughter]
Come on.
[Jamie laughing hysterically]
That's when you know
you've had enough.
[Jamie continues laughing]
[Krupa belches]
(Announcer) While everyone is
energized and raring to go,
there's one chef who, not surprisingly,
is in a world of pain.
[Moans]
Ugh. I feel like crap.
I guess I went a little overboard.
[Gags] I don't even want
to think about that again.
Oh, God.
I just want to move forward
for the challenge.
Morning.
Let's go.
Okay.
So I thought I would get
your minds going
early this morning.
Look at this amazing table of ingredients.
What I'd like you all to do now
is to think of something delicious
based on the ingredients in front of you.
(All) - Yes, chef.
- Let's go.
[Chuckles]
Elise.
Okay.
I do take it seriously
when it's game time.
I start automatically thinking...
What I'm gonna do.
Can I get past you?
(Gordon) Doesn't that smell amazing?
There's so many different
grains, fruits, oils.
I really have no idea
what's going on.
Everyone's got an idea?
Yes, chef.
Good.
Back in line, please.
Whatever it is, I need to step up
and show chef Ramsay
that it wasn't a mistake to keep me here.
Paul, what would you make?
Grilled swordfish,
blood-orange reduction.
- Elise?
- The fresh berries,
zabaglione sauce,
and whipped cream.
- Jonathon?
- Honey-glazed pork tenderloin.
All interesting thoughts.
But I'd like
to get the opinions
of two experts
who are especially skilled
at mixing the ingredients
in front of me.
Hallie, Christina.
Morning, ladies.
Good morning.
Please, come in.
- How are you, my darling?
- Great.
Good to see you, too.
Now, ladies, take a quick
look at the ingredients
and tell us what you would do.
We'd make...
(Both) Beer.
These ladies would answer "beer"
- to just about everything, right?
- That's true.
These two ladies are beer sommeliers.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Give us an example in terms
of how we can use beer
with the ingredients in front of us.
Can do like a baby back ribs
braised in barley wine.
Definitely.
Rosemary thyme beer bread.
Salad with beer
as a vinaigrette.
Jonathon, funny how you've
just woken up all of a sudden.
She had me at "baby back ribs."
Okay...
For today's challenge,
you're cooking with...
Beer.
Touchdown.
[Laughter]
When they said "beer,"
I was like, "ugh."
That's the last thing I need.
(Gordon) Ladies, please.
Hot chicks and beer?
Let me tell you something,
this doesn't suck.
(Jonathon) That's exactly
how I like my beer, chef.
[Laughter]
Listen carefully, because each of you
will be creating your own special dish
using one or more of the beers.
Excited? (All) Yes, chef.
Your time starts now.
(Announcer) Each chef has just 45 minutes
to create a dish featuring
one or more types of beer.
It's actually pretty
refreshing for a stout.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay has
designed this challenge
to test the chefs' creativity...
Excuse me, Natalie.
I'm gonna try some of
this Belgian white here.
(Announcer) And their ability to create
a well-balanced and delicious dish...
I've got 1,000 ideas already, man.
(Announcer) Using a unique ingredient.
Jonathon, a little less time drinking
and more time cooking would
be greatly appreciative.
Yes, chef.
Oh, my God.
I want everything.
42 minutes
left to go.
Come on, ladies.
I want to win today.
(Jamie) Yeah, let's get this done.
Jonathon, time to shine. Let's go.
Oh, I'm fixin' to shine, chef.
Ladies hungry?
Yes. [Laughs]
I happen to be fond of beer.
- Oh, you did?
- I'm gonna crush this.
So, if you tell me to knock the
cute blond out of the park
with a phenomenal dish, you
don't got to tell me twice.
Don't forget, when you're
thinking about your dish,
think of colors, too... colors.
Definitely.
We got ladies to impress,
you know what I'm saying?
20 minutes to go, yes?
(All) Yes, chef.
(Announcer) While Tommy seems
focused on the task at hand,
Krupa is anything but.
Krupa,
what are you doing?
I've got a rabbit braising in...
Um, um, raspberry...
Uh, the Belgian white.
If we're gonna win any challenge,
each individual person has
to be running at 100%.
And Krupa's running at about 50% right now.
(Krupa) Uh, wait.
Who are you saying "wait" to?
Oh, uh, Elise...
I mean Gina.
Carrie. Wow.
- Five minutes, let's go.
(All) - Yes, chef.
Pineapple...
I want to win, ladies.
(Gordon) Come on!
30 seconds to go.
Oh, my God!
(Gordon) 3, 2, 1...
And serve.
Right, Red Team, Blue Team.
I want all of you
to rank your dishes
from one to five.
Red Team,
you have one extra
in your team,
so you're going to drop one.
- Start now.
- Let's go, guys.
That doesn't have any flavor to me.
Is this chicken?
Chicken?
That's a funny-looking chicken.
It's rabbit.
Rabbit, chicken,
whatever it is,
Krupa's [Bleep] was nasty.
I'm beyond pissed off.
My dish was not the worst.
Ooh, this sauce is weird.
Whose is this?
- It's mine.
- That's five.
- That's five?
- Really?
(Natalie) That broth's weird.
It has something weird in it.
- What's in the sauce?
- The beer, chili...
That's what it is, the beer.
So five?
Right?
That's what we're doing?
You want to send the broth up last.
(Will) Broth is five.
I was a little bit surprised
that Paulie was ranked last,
'cause Paulie's a pretty good chef.
But his dish was bad, man.
Red Team,
whose dish are you dropping?
Elise.
Krupa's dish,
because it's a little
tough and under-seasoned.
Carrie, why do you look
so pissed off?
I didn't think mine deserved fifth.
Hey, listen, the good news is,
at least you made the cut.
Hey, that's right, chef.
Paul and Carrie.
Let's go.
Let's go, Carrie.
(Jonathon) Come on, Paul.
(Will) Come on, blue.
Let's start off
with the ladies first.
Carrie, please.
I did filet.
I marinated it in a stout beer.
And with my sauce,
I used the raspberry.
Put a little of the stout in there as well.
I think it's delicious.
I think you ladies will
definitely enjoy it.
You can really taste the
raspberry in there.
Mm-hmm. You can feel the beer in that dish.
I could see
how you'd be a little burned
- that this is the fifth choice.
- Hey, it's all good.
(Gordon) Well done.
- Thank you.
-  brilliant.
Paul, please.
What is that?
Grilled piece of salmon
with hefeweizen broth.
I was a little shocked when my team felt
that my dish was the weakest.
Salmon's beautiful.
Mmm. Time to taste the broth.
(Paul) We'll see how it plays out.
[Coughing] Sorry.
[Laughter]
She's, like,
dying over there.
Ah.
- That's bitter.
- Yes.
Ladies, I'm sure we're all in agreeance.
The point has to go to Carrie.
Yes!
- Thank you, ladies.
- Thank you, chef.
I'm not just a pantry girl!
Carrie, that was, for me,
the best dish
you've ever cooked.
Okay, your fourth place...
Jonathon and Elise.
Let's go.
Elise.
What I made for you today is salmon.
Cooked it in the Belgian white beer.
(Christina) It's interesting.
Unlike the last two dishes,
it's a little more lighter,
which is nice.
I tried to go lighter,
because I know personally,
when I drink beer, I'm full.
Well, look at the size of you.
It's no wonder.
Not even pint-sized.
Jonathon, please.
Whoo. Ooh, wow. Stand back.
When Jonathon pulled his lid off his dish,
I was like... [gasps]
What is that?
Visually, it's got that sort
of pineapple gone wild.
It was fruit salad on meat again.
I call this the,
uh, punch-drunk chicken.
You open a can of pineapple
and you stick it on top of a chicken.
A lot of chefs are
fascinated with proteins.
You are obsessed with fruit.
Explain to the ladies
what the dish is, please.
I have a pan-seared chicken breast.
I incorporated my raspberry lambic
into my pineapple and bed of hash.
It's a pretty tasty dish.
It's sweet.
Too sweet?
Yeah.
The thing about good beer is the balance.
And so I just think that
this is just missing
a little bit of that balance.
Ladies, um, Red Team or Blue Team?
Red Team. Thank you.
Congratulations, Elise. Good job.
Good job, Elise.
[Bleep].
Man, I'm... I'm about to the
point where I'm ready to say,
"[bleep] Using some fruits."
But you know what?
Inside, I can't let that happen.
I love fruit, man.
Okay, two-nil to the Red Team.
Let's go, Jennifer.
(Announcer) With the red
team leading two to zero,
Jennifer's hefeweizen
chicken and sausage stew...
I mean, visually, it looks
like a plate of leftovers.
(Announcer) Is up against
Natalie's chocolate stout filet.
Honestly, it's almost like
you're drinking a beer.
(Announcer) Over Jennifer. Iumphs
good job, girl.
(Announcer) With the red
team's lead cut to one,
Elizabeth's Amber mussels and clams...
Salty. It is salty.
(Announcer) Faces off against will's
lambic-infused venison loin.
I think it's delicious.
It has everything, that dish.
(Announcer) Is complete. Team's comeback
boo-yah, kids. Boo-yah.
Good job. We'll shut 'em down.
(Announcer) With the score now tied...
Blue Team, Red Team,
let's go.
(Announcer) It all comes down
to the top-ranked dishes from each team...
Jamie's for the Red Team
and Tommy's for the blue.
Jamie, please.
I marinated the duck in the Belgian white
with some garlic and shallots,
and then the duck has a glaze
of the raspberry beer reduction.
Ladies?
It's good.
It's interesting.
(Hallie) Yeah, different.
I mean, the duck is, uh, delicious.
I was hoping somebody would do duck
with a raspberry lambic.
Yeah, it's nice.
Tommy did duck
with a raspberry lambic.
Did he really?
They're the same dish?
Yeah.
Very good.
Great job.
- Thank you.
- Okay, Tommy.
- Please wow the ladies.
- I did the duck as well.
Let me show you
how it's done, Jamie.
All right, check it out.
Here's what we did here.
Oh, my gosh.
I boiled my purple potatoes
down in the stout.
Then I just put a side of brussels sprouts,
which were, uh,
cooked down in your hefeweizen.
Mmm. That's good.
Yeah, rock on.
It's pretty good.
This has a depth.
Mm-hmm.
The meat has a saltiness.
And you still get the
sweetness from the lambic.
Good job.
I mean, really good job.
Back in line, both of you, please.
Thank you, ladies.
(Will) Good job, Tommy.
I was just trying to flirt a little bit.
The cute brunette seemed
to enjoy my company.
Two good dishes... I mean,
this is going to be really difficult.
One dish had an edge.
Congratulations goes to...
[Dramatic music]
(Announcer) Chef Ramsey
challenged the teams
to cook creatively with beer.
The score is tied,
and it all comes down
to the final two dishes.
Two good dishes... I mean, this is
going to be really difficult.
(Announcer) Both Jamie and Tommy
prepared versions of a
lambic-marinated duck.
And both dishes were ranked
the best on their respective teams.
Congratulations goes to...
- Blue Team!
- Yeah!
Damn it.
It was like a ton of
bricks just fell on us...
Again.
- All right.
- Good job, Tommy.
- Way to go, guys.
Hell, yeah.
I aced it.
This definitely proves the fact
that I'm just the most awesome
of anyone in the world.
Ladies, a big thank-you as always.
Thank you.
(Gordon) Yes? Great job.
Best wishes. See you again.
Blue Team,
I've got an amazing day.
Do you like speed?
Meth or coke?
Oh, my God.
Only kidding.
I'm only kidding.
Switch spots with me, please.
You're gonna make me
stand next to him?
Okay, all of you are gonna be
V.I.P. guests
at the long beach Grand Prix
Indy Car racing.
- Yes.
- Oh, fantastic.
Whoo. [Laughs]
Get yourselves up to the
dorm as fast as possible
and enjoy
your day of speed.
Whoo!
Oh, dear.
Ladies, it pains me to say this.
Today is
delivery day.
[All groan]
Delivery day...
everyone knows.
This is the worst punishment.
[Sniffles] That's right.
We've got up to
20 trucks arriving...
Restocking,
resupplying.
It's gonna be...
it's gonna be tough.
[Sobs] It's okay.
It's okay.
Elise, you okay? Mm-hmm.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
What... what do you mean "nothing"?
You're standing there
crying your eyes out.
Talk to me.
Nothing, chef.
Really? You're gonna cry
'cause we lost a challenge?
Come on.
Suck it up.
It was like a little spoiled girl.
She doesn't get her way,
she throws a fit.
It's okay.
Bring it on, chef.
I'm not crying.
I'll take it.
Start off by cleaning down the kitchens.
Let's go.
[Sighs]
[Truck beeping]
[Horn honking loudly] [Bleep]!
Your scream scared me
more than the horn did.
Ice.
Ice, ice, baby.
I don't want to lift that.
I'm livid. I'm not gonna sit here
and pretend
like I'm not mad as hell
that we're about to be
carrying all this stuff.
I got my point.
I'm just tired of being punished
because the rest
of the members on my team
make rookie mistakes.
Ow.
This punishment sucks.
The ice is, like, so cold.
Like, my arms are getting,
like, frostbitten.
Can't take this. [Groans]
This one's, like, wet.
It's heavy.
- You okay with two?
- Be careful.
Carrie, don't take on too much.
Oh, my God.
What a dum-dum.
[Groans]
(Announcer) While Elise seems
to have put it in park
at the punishment,
the Blue Team rolls up to the racetrack.
Hot damn!
We pull up, and all I see
is the Hell's Kitchen indy car.
And it was badass.
I'm Paul, man. Ari Luyendyk, Jr.
What's goin' on, man?
Will. Hey, how are you?
We got to meet Simona, man.
A hot chick in a fast car...
Oh, that's right up my alley, man.
Yes. Yeah, baby!
Time to rock and roll.
[Tires squealing]
You know, the g's just snatch
you back in the seat...
Speeds of way over 220, man.
It's a unbelievable feeling, man.
I'm gonna talk about this
for the rest of my life.
Yee-ha!
I'm pretty bad in cooking,
so you guys have to teach me something.
I'm pretty bad at driving a car.
I don't know anything about racing.
I met some really cute
girl who drives cars.
So I was interested in, you know, stuff.
(Will) Where are you from?
- Switzerland.
- Switzerland?
- Yeah.
- I'm a big fan of your cheese.
- Huh?
- With the holes in it...
With the holes in it, yeah.
Paul, you got to work on your game.
[Imitates bomb whistling]
[Insects chirping]
[Truck beeping]
- What do we got this time?
- What?
(Krupa) Are you [Bleep] serious?
There's no way I could carry in
kegs that weigh more than
some of us put together.
All right, one step at a time.
Can you lift it up?
I can't do it.
Put it on the step, at least.
[Scoffs] Really?
Oh, my God.
I'm not being a baby, but
this is heavy as hell.
It hurts.
Can someone walk with me and
just get this one down?
Elise is definitely a diva.
Every one inch, I'm like,
"Elise, you got to [Bleep] pick it up."
She's pissing me off.
(Jamie) I'm really just done with Elise.
She gets in this, like,
rut of attitude.
And it's a weight that
we carry all the time.
(Elise) I'm here to [Bleep] win.
I'm not here to throw my back out.
This is ridiculous.
I got to stop.
Let's use the cart.
Well, can y'all three not get it?
We can take our turn on the cart.
Does your name... does
that cart say "Carrie"?
Elise, take the [Bleep] cart.
Thank you.
(Carrie) I'm done with Elise.
Who died and made her queen?
Why don't y'all just bring' em to the door,
and I'll wheel 'em to the stack?
Oh, does it have your name on it?
(Elise) You know what?
My fist is about to have your teeth on it.
- How about that?
- Knock it off.
Seriously.
Elise is not a team player.
I was just absolutely fed
up with her attitude.
Like, that's it.
You've hit your strike limit.
You're done.
I'm exhausted.
(Announcer) As the day comes to a close,
the Blue Team is winding down
from a day at the track.
Those race cars got moving today.
I was like... [laughs]
(Announcer) Meanwhile, the Red Team...
Come on, Jennifer, what's up?
(Announcer) Is all wound up.
All right. Well, I'll be
the leader... I'll start.
Elise, I take the punishments
so serious,
and I feel like sometimes you don't.
I agree.
There's a lot of times
where you stand around
or take the easy jobs,
and that irritates me.
When?
You just tend to walk
slow and tend to, like...
Yeah, because I'm not
gonna overextend myself.
If I know I can't carry it or I
know it's too heavy for me...
But it's okay for your teammates to be...
To haul every heavy [Bleep]?
Some of 'em can carry more!
Here we go.
Did I take two bags of ice
on my shoulders
like I was Hercules?
No.
Because I'm not trying to impress
any of these people here.
They're not the ones who's gonna say
I can stay or can't.
This is your team.
The punishment is all of us.
The rest of us are busting our ass.
But I...
I bust my ass, too.
So [Bleep] that.
[Dramatic music]
(Announcer) Fed up with
Elise's diva attitude,
the rest of the Red Team
has confronted her
about her lack of effort
in today's punishment.
The punishment is all of us.
The rest of us
are busting our ass,
and you're like...
I bust my ass, too!
[Bleep] That.
You're getting all defensive and stuff.
I'm not being defensive!
I'm defending myself on the matter.
That's being defensive.
Okay.
The Red Team got upset with
me, and I don't really care,
because I'm not here to make friends.
But in this game, you
have to have a strategy.
I don't want there to be animosity.
I will try harder
to move over this bump.
All right.
(Elise) I just want to have
a good service tomorrow.
And I will say whatever I have to say,
because I don't like losing.
(Announcer) As both teams get an
early start on a long day of prep,
Elise... can I help anybody with anything?
(Announcer) Appears to have a new attitude.
You want to help me with this?
Here's the salad for it.
There's backup down here.
Okay.
This is interesting.
I think Elise is working on her attitude,
'cause at the end of the day,
we need to figure out how we can win.
I just want to win.
Let's pray.
No, I'm just kidding.
[Laughter]
Who's doing what here?
I can work on the meats.
I'll help you knock some out real quick.
When you wrap those Wellingtons,
do you do four in a sheet?
Yep. How many you have?
Do several of these, man.
Let's face it, man.
You know, our dinner service is [Bleep].
It's definitely a time for redemption
for the Blue Team,
so, by God, let it be tonight,
you know?
Please.
Paul, feel good today?
My dish yesterday
wasn't up to snuff.
Yeah, I'm definitely ready to bounce back.
Hopefully I keep my head
above water tonight.
Everybody needs to keep
their head in the game.
Do what you know.
And that's it.
James.
Yes, chef?
Open Hell's Kitchen, please.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Announcer) It's beer
night in Hell's Kitchen.
This looks like a water lamp.
(Announcer) In addition to special
beer towers at every table,
chef Ramsay has added
Belgian ale-steamed mussels
and stout-spiced venison to the menu.
Order in, chef.
Thank you. Thank you.
Okay, here we go...
Three lobster spaghetti,
- one scallops.
(All) - Yes, chef.
Come on, drive it, Elise.
Let's go.
Yes, chef.
And work like a team.
Jamie, did you drop your scallops?
Scallops are dropped right now.
(Elise) I'm a minute and a
half away on the spaghetti.
Okay. Want me to say it
again, or are we good?
I have a minute and a half out.
I don't want to jinx anything.
Elise is trying to work
on holding her tongue.
I hope that it stays that way.
How long you need on your scallop?
'Cause I'm ready to go.
I can walk.
Where's the spaghetti?
Walking with three lobster spaghettis.
We got one more scallop
following this one, ladies.
(Gordon) Very nice,
that lobster spaghetti.
Yes, chef.
- Lobster spaghetti.
- Thank you.
- Real good.
- Ladies...
Great start.
Keep it going.
Let's go, ladies!
We can do this tonight.
(Announcer) The red kitchen's
newfound team unity
has them off
to a good start on appetizers.
Meanwhile, in the blue kitchen,
chef Ramsay is looking
to Paul and Natalie
to deliver on their appetizers.
Risotto, two scallops.
Yes?
(All) - Yes, chef.
- How long, Paul?
- Four minutes, chef.
- Four minutes.
- Paul.
- Yes, chef.
- Tonight is your comeback night.
Let's go.
I want to hear it, yes?
Yes, chef!
I'm hoping that Paul can
do a way better job
than he did last dinner service.
One person has a bad night,
it could bring the whole team down.
(Gordon) Very nice there, Paul.
(Paul) Thank you, chef.
[Bell dings]
Scallops, please, Natalie.
I'm dying.
Let's go.
Coming right now, chef.
First [Bleep] table, huh?
Natalie!
- Yes, chef?
- They're rubber.
Touch them. Come on, hurry up!
That's our first table. Come on!
Chef Ramsay expects a lot out of me.
I would love to just be
perfect all the time,
but that doesn't happen in real life.
Hey, great risotto.
Unfortunately, [Bleep] Scallops.
Did you not see that the
scallops were horrible?
Just be vocal and say it.
"Yo, I [Bleep] up the scallops."
I want it all
absolutely on the money, yes?
- Yes, chef.
- Heard. Refire!
Please?
Five minutes on the first table.
Five minutes heard.
Thank you.
(Announcer) While Natalie's unsatisfactory
scallops have sent the Blue Team
back to square one on their appetizers,
in the red kitchen...
One mussels, one scallops away.
(Announcer) The Red Team is rolling,
and just waiting on...
- Elise!
- Yes, chef.
- Scallops!
- Sorry to keep you waiting.
[Bleep]. Come here!
All of you, come here.
Hey, look. Look.
[Squelching]
That's the state of where we are now.
I did tell her
right before dinner service,
I was like, "Elise, you
need to drain that salad."
Here's the salad for it.
There's backup down here.
Okay.
As always.
She never listens.
Look at me.
Why is it in the water?
I'm...
I didn't prep the station.
Carrie prepped the station.
- It's in water.
- I'm gonna drain it.
It is supposed to be
drained before we start.
And I did ask you to do that.
I didn't...
What section are you on?
I am on appetizers, chef.
Right, so who's responsible for
draining the [Bleep] salads?
I'm sorry, chef.
I'm draining it now.
As usual,
it wasn't drained for me.
(Announcer) Despite Elise's soggy salad,
the Red Team quickly recovers,
getting most of their appetizers
out to their hungry diners.
That looks really good.
Mmm.
(Announcer) Back in the blue kitchen...
Going up with scallops.
(Announcer) Natalie is ready to impress
with her second attempt
on the scallop appetizer.
Natalie.
Yes, chef?
It's rubber.
Touch.
Rubber.
- Come on, Natalie, please.
- Yes, chef.
The pan's not hot enough, Natalie...
Even from here.
It's got to be searing, quick.
It's searing, chef.
It's sizzling, chef.
- Not enough.
- Okay.
Not enough.
They're gonna boil.
The scallops are massive.
- Not enough.
- Okay. Yes, chef.
You know, it's just really
frustrating, you know.
When I was getting stuff sent back,
I was having to trash scallops.
It's just, like, a catastrophe.
Oh, my God.
Look at all those scallops.
Will!
Paul! Jonathon!
Tommy! Come here!
How many scallops
are we having to refire?
Natalie had to sear off a
million scallops tonight,
'cause she couldn't get 'em right.
This is not gonna be good.
Oh, my God.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
14... shut it!
15! 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21...
24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29...
[Dramatic music]
(Announcer) It's 45 minutes
into dinner service.
What's wrong with those scallops?
Those are ones I have to refire.
(Announcer) And chef Ramsay has discovered
Natalie's dirty little secret.
How many scallops
are we having to refire?
Five minutes on the first.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
14... shut it! 15!
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23,
24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30.
Oh, come on.
We haven't even sent any out!
Natalie, wake up!
I'm sitting here watching Natalie
sink faster
than the Titanic on fish.
Take your pan.
Put it here.
Drop your scallops.
So I go over there to show
her how to sear scallops.
Scallops...
I'm dying. Let's go.
- You need a scallop up there now.
- Yeah.
Thank you. Finally.
Now you got the color
on the scallops.
Stick to it, yes?
Yes, chef.
(Will) Good job, Natalie.
Keep it going.
Service.
(Announcer) After a quick
tutorial from will to Natalie,
the Blue Team is back on track.
Scallops... behind, hot.
(Gordon) Service, please.
Bon appetit.
(Announcer) Meanwhile, the red
kitchen has moved on to entrees.
And the pressure now rests
on Jamie on the fish station
and Krupa on the meat station
to keep the momentum going.
(Jamie) Krupa, how long?
I need... two minutes.
Meat and fish
have to work with each other,
so I was yelling at Krupa,
"how much time?
Krupa, how much time?"
- How long?
- One minute, chef.
My venison's going to
be about two minutes.
That's what you called
two minutes ago!
She would give me times, but
they were completely off.
Jamie, one minute
or two minutes?
Two minutes, chef.
- Come on, then!
- Yes, chef.
Pick it up.
It's really getting frustrating.
Sea bass ready.
I'm walking up with my
venison and Wellington.
Jamie, Krupa...
Come here.
I got one sea bass pink
and undercooked... raw.
And the venison...
It's not even hot in the middle!
What is that?
Come on, Jamie! Krupa!
Jamie and Krupa weren't
communicating as a team,
and that's been the
problem on the Red Team.
Nobody wants to step up
and be a leader,
so I'm gonna be taking over.
One sea bass, one venison...
- How long, ladies?
(Both) - Four minutes.
Four minutes to the window... heard.
(Announcer) While Elise barks out orders,
Jamie and Krupa refire
their first entrees.
We got to pick this back up, ladies.
(Announcer) Over in the blue kitchen,
Jonathon is keen
to impress chef Ramsay.
Got the two Wellingtons and the venison
right here, chef, yeah.
Oh, [Bleep], no.
[Exhales deeply]
Come here, all of you.
The pastry...
Touch it with your fingers.
It's [Bleep] raw.
Chef, Tommy wrapped the Wellingtons.
- What'd you think?
- I think it's [Bleep] up, man.
Yeah? What'd you think,
then, mister rock and roll?
- It's not good, chef.
- Not good.
I'll remedy this Wellington
problem right now.
I'm calling Tommy out.
I can't let this make me look bad.
Are they all like that?
I'll tell you right now, chef.
Yeah, it's... it's [Bleep], too, man.
Yes, chef, the second one I
just cut was just like that.
Oh, my God.
Flour both sides of the pastry.
I did.
I was doing 'em with you, brother.
We were doing 'em together,
side by side today.
So don't throw me under the bus.
Thanks, Tommy, for [Bleep]
me on my Wellingtons
right from the start... thanks.
I mean, come on, man, Jonathon's
running around the kitchen
blaming Tommy for [Bleep].
If it's raw, that's you
not knowing how to cook.
Walk like a man,
talk like a man,
take it like a man, bro,
straight up.
Thanks, Tommy.
(Announcer) Nearly 19 minutes
into dinner service,
the Wellington fiasco
has created a logjam
in the blue kitchen.
Meanwhile, the Red Team is
ready to redeem themselves
with their entrees.
Service, please.
(Announcer) And now that food
is flying out of the kitchen...
Wow, look at that.
Oh, wow. This is tender.
Two sea bass, one venison,
one Wellington!
How long?
(Announcer) The old Elise returns.
Three minutes. Krupa?
Three minutes.
We got it, Elise.
Well, if no one else is gonna talk,
I'm gonna talk for everybody.
You're yelling too much,
a little too much.
How long?
I don't know. They won't...
- Three minutes, I said!
- Don't throw it all on us.
I'm not throwing anything...
Yeah, you just did.
I'm trying to tell you what it is.
You're just yelling.
After that, you're gonna
have one cod, one strip,
and one venison.
She's [Bleep] confusing
the [Bleep] out of me.
Elise stands there and yells
every [Bleep] ticket.
Two sea bass,
one Wellington,
one venison is the next two tickets.
I was just like,
"Shut up! Just shut up."
Wellington, New York?
I have the Wellington
and the New York ready.
I'm cutting it right now. [Gasps]
Oh, this one's gonna be overcooked.
[Bleep]. Oh, my God.
Holy [Bleep]. This is not real.
Everything's [Bleep].
Oh, come on.
Red Team, stop!
Everything's overcooked.
Krupa was cooking all the meat wrong.
She was a nightmare.
What are you doing? I don't know, chef.
(Krupa) I honestly don't
know what happened.
There was no reason.
[Slghs]
I'm frazzled, chef.
I'm sorry.
You're telling me.
Krupa, do you want to go home?
- No, chef.
- Let's go!
(Announcer) With Krupa threatening
to derail the red kitchen,
over on the blue side,
Jonathon and Natalie
continue to struggle
to get the Blue Team back on
track with their entrees.
- How long on the bass?
- Three and a half minutes.
(Natalie) I've never cooked
sea bass here before.
But it's just like
any other piece of fish.
And, you know,
I've already messed up once.
You know,
I don't plan on doing it again.
- How long do you need?
- Go ahead.
I'm fixing to cut two Wellingtons.
Fine.
I think this Wellington's overdone.
[Bleep].
Yep. Here it is, baby.
I'm almost to the point of panic.
Tommy prepped my Wellingtons
like big balls of [Bleep].
What am I supposed to do?
That's a little bitty
[Bleep] right there.
Probably going to get my ass
handed to me on that one.
Yep.
Here.
Oh, [Bleep] Me.
All of you, come here.
Ah...
Chef Ramsay's about
to [Bleep] kill my ass.
One, I don't know
what the [Bleep] that is.
It's a little one.
That's my fault, chef.
It won't happen again.
It's [Bleep] little... it
overcooked 'cause of the size.
I realize that. It won't happen again.
I promise.
Just like that?
And, you...
It's raw in the center!
Raw.
You're a talented cook.
Chef, I've got some more Wellingtons.
You and you, [Bleep] Off.
Get out.
For cryin' out... man, I'm...
I'm so sick of this [Bleep], man.
Hey. Oh, hello.
Take that [Bleep] with you.
I'm done.
I quit.
Jonathon!
Come here, you.
You can kiss my ass.
Come here, you!
Jonathon!
(Announcer) It's two hours
into dinner service.
You and you...
[Bleep] Off.
Get out.
(Announcer) And an
overcooked meat by Jonathon
and an undercooked fish
by Natalie
have pushed chef Ramsay
to the edge.
For cryin' out... man, I'm...
I'm so sick of this, man.
Hey. I'm done. I quit.
Jonathon!
Come here, you.
- You can kiss my ass.
- Jonathon!
I'd respect you more
if you told me
before you brought it to me.
- Anything to say?
- It won't happen again.
Don't [Bleep] dare bring me that [Bleep].
Yes, chef.
It won't happen again.
[Bleep] Off.
[Jonathon exhales deeply]
It's just really frustrating.
Like, I know that I can do it.
I know that I'm a good chef.
You can't do stuff like that here.
And I know that.
I get [Bleep] on Wellingtons
'cause somebody else prepped 'em
that don't know how, man.
You're responsible for it.
That's why we got to check everything.
Ugh.
I needed to get 'em out there,
something.
If your prep's [Bleep],
then your service
is gonna be [Bleep].
I'm tired of being the fall guy.
(Announcer) With two Blue Team
members banished to the dorm...
Two minutes on the next table, right?
- Heard that.
- Okay.
(Announcer) Paul, Tommy, and Will
are determined to complete dinner service
in spite of being shorthanded.
Tommy, minute and a half,
yes or no?
- All good, buddy, yes.
- Okay.
(Gordon) Service, please.
- How was yours?
- Really good.
Come on, let's go.
(Announcer) With only a
few tickets remaining,
both teams race
to complete dinner service.
Let's go. Let's see if we can
finish on a high, please.
Let's go.
Coming up with it right now.
I need one more minute
on the venison.
Krupa, wake up.
Come on.
Eight plates, please.
Just follow me with 'em.
Garnish is in the window.
Let's go.
(Carrie) We had a rough start,
but we finally got it together.
We completed service.
And that's all I care about.
- Paul, welcome back.
- Thank you, chef.
Yeah!
Well, I think I got my
swagger back tonight.
Welcome back, homeboy.
Switch off.
I'm looking for greatness.
It didn't happen tonight.
So the losing team is...
Red Team...
And Blue Team.
All of you, go back to the dorms
and come up with two
individuals from each team
that you think should be
leavinghell's kitchen.
Leave me alone, please.
(Natalie) My inexperience on fish
that bit me in the ass tonight,
but I'm definitely not the
weakest chef in the kitchen,
so I'm not ready to go.
I don't deserve to go home.
I know I don't.
Jonathon sent up an overcooked Wellington,
so my vote's for Jonathon.
(Jonathon) Are you kidding me, man?
She had 30 scallops sitting there.
I didn't have 30 Wellingtons sitting there.
You cool with Jonathon and Natalie?
I'm cool with that.
I mean, they got kicked out.
You know,
I naturally got to go with Tommy.
I was stuck in the mud
right off the rip, man.
You don't realize how bad that
backed up the meat station.
It's not my fault he
doesn't know the timings
of the foods and when to rest meat.
John-boy [Bleep] up, not me.
(Jonathon) Whatever happens, happens.
[Bleep] This, dude.
(Carrie) So what are we thinking?
We got to come up
with two people, guys.
One, hello.
Obvious.
There's no if, ands,
or buts about it.
I [Bleep] Up.
But I'm not giving up.
I'm gonna fight.
Who's the second one?
I think that we should judge
based off of who chef Ramsay
was really on all night.
My vote is Jamie.
What's funny?
You need to take responsibility
for the [Bleep] that you do wrong.
Yep.
[Dramatlc music]
I had a little bit of water in my salad,
but everything else went out perfect.
I don't deserve to go up there.
You deserve to go up there
more than I do.
First of all, I didn't say you
should go up there, did I?
- You just did!
- No, I didn't.
- But you did. You did.
- But I didn't.
(Carrie) She did not.
Be quiet for a second.
When chef Ramsay said...
I don't give a crap what Ramsay said.
What do you mean, you
don't care what he said?
Can I finish?
Okay, go ahead.
Let me know when you're done.
- What the [Bleep]... what?
- Just let me know when you're done!
You need to work on your attitude!
- Oh, my God.
- And you do, too!
- No, I don't.
- All right, shut up.
Shut the [Bleep] up.
You're both pissing me off.
- Jamie, talk.
- I'm done.
There's no point in exhausting
my words with you anymore.
Never have I been pushed the
way Elise has pushed me.
I'm done dealing with her.
Right.
Blue Team,
have you reached a consensus?
Yes, chef. Yes, chef.
Will, first nominee and why?
First nominee tonight, chef,
is Natalie,
'cause she couldn't recover
from her bad start on fish.
Second nominee and why?
Second nominee tonight, chef...
Is Jonathon...
same reason.
He had difficulty recovering
on the meat station tonight.
All right, Red Team.
Did you come to a consensus?
(All) Yes, chef.
Carrie, first nominee and why?
First nominee is Krupa.
She started on the meat station
and just, like, kept getting worse.
Second nominee and why?
Second nominee is...
Um...
(Announcer) Both teams had
to nominate two of their own
for elimination.
The Blue Team
chose Natalie and Jonathon.
And the Red Team chose...
Krupa.
Second nominee and why?
The second nominee is Jamie.
- What's the matter?
- She had a raw sea bass.
But I thought everything
else she sent out was fine.
So clearly, Jamie
wasn't your choice for
second nominee... who was it?
My second nominee
was Elise, chef.
Elise. Why?
She started yelling the tickets at us
when we didn't need someone to
continue yelling one ticket
over and over and over again.
I completely disagree with Carrie, chef.
I feel that Carrie is intimidated
by my assertiveness,
and I felt like
it was my duty to call tickets
when other people weren't.
[Exhales deeply]
Natalie, Jonathon, Krupa...
Jamie...
Step forward, please.
[Exhales deeply]
Jamie, tell me
why you think you should
stay in  Hell's Kitchen.
Chef, I have a lot of fight in me.
I know that I'm a good cook.
I know I'm a strong line chef.
I don't expect you to make
those kind of mistakes.
Krupa?
Why do you think you should
stay in  Hell's Kitchen?
Chef, I have a lot still to give.
And I can do this,
without any doubt in my mind.
How much longer can I wait?
I still have a lot to show you.
I've given you some good services,
and I've given you some
very bad ones, so...
You're just on a downward spiral.
Jonathon...
Tell me why you think you
should stay in  Hell's Kitchen.
When you told me to [Bleep] off,
I wish I would've just looked
you in the eye and said no.
What?
I wasn't ready to walk out
of that [Bleep] kitchen
because of somebody else's mistake.
Come on.
Natalie.
I mean, I-I'm lost.
I mean, maybe you just got
to do the honorable thing...
Give me your jacket.
No, chef. I'm not.
I can't sit here and say
that I performed like
you want me to perform.
I know that you know that
I'm better than that,
and I know that I'm better than that.
I'm not so sure.
This is a very difficult decision.
The person leaving Hell's Kitchen...
Krupa.
Okay, give me your jacket
and leave Hell's Kitchen.
Thank you, chef.
I know you have heart,
but your time is done.
[Applause]
(Krupa) It hurts that I'm eliminated now,
and I'm gonna kick myself for
this for a very long time.
But I have not let
anybody back home down,
'cause everybody knows how
much I fight for things,
and they know how much I have in me.
Blue Team, Red Team...
We're not done yet.
(Announcer) Next time
on Hell's Kitchen...
We're not done yet.
(Announcer) The pressure is on...
(Gordon) You don't work hard.
You don't even break a sweat.
Game over.
(Announcer) As a huge celebrity
visits  Hell's Kitchen.
(Gordon) For the first time
ever inhell's kitchen...
Oh, my God.
I'm, like, speechless.
(Announcer) The chefs are clearly on edge.
That's how we do it!
I would love for people
that speak English!
(Announcer) And chef Ramsey's honesty
is more brutal than ever.
That's already [Bleep].
You rolled it looking like a
pair of [Bleep] knickers.
(Announcer) But one chef dares
to challenge Gordon Ramsay...
I'm not sending it out like that.
Over my [Bleep] dead body.
It looks like [Bleep]! [Bleep] off!
(Announcer) Others continues perform
on their teammates.
I don't want him
on my team anymore.
I tell you, dude, you're
starting to piss me off.
(Announcer) All next time...
Because I help people.
Yeah, you help throw 'em under the bus.
(Announcer) On the most combative
Hell's Kitchen of the year.
I could flip this whole [Bleep]
dining room upside down.
Sync and corrected by dr.jackson
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org